Do you hate Lin Jingyun?
How not to hate
He made me homeless.
I became what I am now
I can't wait to cut him into pieces
That's good, he is Li Feiyu's weakness
Do you mean to start against Lin Jingyun?
It was Lin Jingyun who wanted to cut him into pieces
Commander-in-Chief, don't you dare say that
6th of every month
Li Feiyu will go to the City Lord's Mansion
Discuss with the city lord the management and development of Jingping City
I will follow
Before that, you tied up Lin Jingyun
Then I have the capital to negotiate with Li Feiyu
I can't wait to help him now
I want him to know who the real master is
After everyone is done
Don't contact me.
Let Huomei contact me.
I only believe he is your commander-in-chief
If I were to become the commander-in-chief
You are the deputy commander in chief
Then I will first thank the commander-in-chief
Do it right.
This is your only chance to come back
Don't worry.
The Commander-in-Chief will certainly live up to your expectations
Huang Mei, are you alright?
It's okay, Gu Beichen
Do you think I look like a fine person now?
Huang Mei, that's all in the past
Why do you still mention him?